This week’s mini week is not something that I am particularly happy with. At the beginning of the week I did have a lot of plans of what this program could contain, but after many hours of trying to program what I intended (and failed), I just had to stick to something very simple, that doesn’t really have a lot user interaction. For some reason, I thought week was the most challenging one of them all, so far. But I managed to make a button that has the mousePressed (); function, that makes random grey colors on the canvas and a drop - down menu that states which kind of student you are on the canvas and furthermore a link that connects you to the Transmediale website and this is the CreateA(); function. 


It does contain the theme “capture all” in a simple form, since we as users doesn’t give much thought into how just a single mouse click feeds the computer with more information about the user. It doesn’t have to be personal information per se, but just browsing the internet gives the computer numbers for an algorithm. I especially like the way that Søren Pold talks about buttons. Buttons are tempting. We expect an outcome when we click them, because that s what we have learned in other cases, not related to software. The button in this mini_ex: I wanted to emphasize the seductive and tempting feel that are to buttons according to Pold. This trigger that is released when we press it and there is a an outcome is something we all can relate to, but why is that? 

In this program, it’s just changing of grey colors, but we keep clicking anyways. When we are told not to, it’s even more tempting. Like last week theme, we put much thought into the design of throbber or buttons, but someone made choices about the appearance and it’s functions and with buttons they are designed so the program can run accordingly to plan. So, that’s why there are clear deviations for the user to make in this program.

